{AzureCXP} fixes Azure/azure-powershell#18319 (#18746)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/RecoveryServices/RecoveryServices/help/New-AzRecoveryServicesAsrProtectionContainerMapping.md

```

### -PrimaryProtectionContainer

> Specifies the ASR protection container object for the  primary protection container to be used in the mapping. To get the ASR protection container in the Recovery Service Container run the [Get-AzRecoveryServicesAsrProtectionContainer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/az.recoveryservices/get-azrecoveryservicesasrprotectioncontainer?view=azps-8.0.0) PS command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the ASR protection container object for the primary protection container to be used in the mapping. To get the ASR protection container in the Recovery Service Container run the [Get-AzRecoveryServicesAsrProtectionContainer](/powershell/module/az.recoveryservices/get-azrecoveryservicesasrprotectioncontainer) cmdlet.
```
